the group race that his most recent
start Noah from Gila has just earned the
penalty he was a judged best turned out
at the parade ring not liked by the
superstitious which I must admit this
particular one I adhere to and now from
Goa goes in championship is in and flash
fire drawn on the outside is about to
come up we'll leave one fanciful angel
the Sabeel mile the name would suggest
is run over the metric equivalent 1600
meters Shane Ryan at the button signals
are given gates fly they're racing in
the Sabeel mile fanciful angels slow to
move championship first out but taken on
by gifted master who runs to the front
at the end of the first couple of
hundred meters light the light second
championship three-quarters of a length
away third and fanciful angel quickly
goes to fourth a link to Simran can link
to Noah from Gellar and flash fire is
two and a quarter links away at the tail
of the field we should have 1200 metres
left to run 25.8 for the first 400
meters so they're not sizzling and it's
gifted master showing the way his break
is two lengths like the lights his
second fanciful angel a length away
running third championship
three-quarters of a length away fourth
on the rail another link to Noah from
Gala 3/4 to cific and three-quarters to
flash fire as gifted master is two
lengths in front where they hundred left
behind in 49.1 gifted master and pets
Mullen a little more than a length in
front of light the lights
fanciful angel on the outside they've
taken closer order championship is
hugging the rail coming around the bend
he'll need an out fella from Goa on his
outside then Cedric and flash fire will
have to
from last gifted master in front of the
300 championship got the split for a
stir went to the frat championship hit
the front he is now from Goa on the
outside
Simran coming through in the center but
championship stolen a brackets all over
500 meters left I go they won't be
catching him championship in front and
championship to good championship first
Noah from go a second ahead in front of
sibling and then came gifted master
followed further back by light the
lights fanciful angel and flash fire
didn't run on tonight he came in along
and distant last of all in the Sabeel
mile of 2017 as championship continues
to live up to the name
come on Adonis